---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Re Codes of Conduct
excerpt: Code of conducts are an important part of open source projects. They dictate how the community is supposed to interact, and dictate what to do when conflicts do arise. Open source projects are large and constantly fighting disorganization. By providing clear expectations for contributors, the core contributors of a project have a document to point to to enforce kind communications between everyone.
---

Code of conducts are an important part of open source projects. They dictate how the community is supposed to interact, and dictate what to do when conflicts do arise. Open source projects are large and constantly fighting disorganization. By providing clear expectations for contributors, the core contributors of a project have a document to point to to enforce kind communications between everyone.

With this in mind, because open source projects can get so large, it is not realistic to expect all violations of the code of conduct to be properly seen and addressed. Projects get large, the list of contributors grows, and the number of interactions between participants grows even larger. While a small project may be able to properly watch over the conduct of, say, 5 individual contributors, a large project with 500 contributors is inherently going to be harder to manage. Because of this, the code of conduct for a project should provide clear guidelines for what behavior is acceptable and unacceptable, as well as how to report inappropriate behavior to whoever is in charge of enforcing the code. In the same way that open source projects works because of many small contributions, so too should the enforcement of the code of conduct be spread evenly among the community.

All of this means that I am unlikely to contribute to a project that does not have a code of conduct. No code of conduct means that I cannot feel confident before contributing that the community will be kind. The only good reason I can see for a project to not have a code of conduct is if the project is sufficiently small and new. If this is the case, I'd check with the group about their code of conduct before joining to ensure it's a subject that they're considering.