---
layout: post
title: Week 15 - Re Presentation
---

# Other Group Presentations

While my group was working on freeCodeCamp, we had a lot of problems that were related to contributing. By that I mean issues that were in no way related to coding or the work we were doing, but with contributing as an act in and of itself. While we were working, I assumed that since our were issues that were tied to freeCodeCamp, other groups would not have similar issues, and would talk more about the content of their contributions than the process of contributing. This proved to not be true, and, while not every group had similar issues, a lot did. This made me rethink the question of "would you recommend freeCodeCamp to other students", and while my answer of "probably not" has not changed, it is different given the context of other groups having similar answers.

<!--more-->

It was also interesting to hear about different projects. Something that has been interesting about this class as a whole has been learnign about various different open source projects and the various forms they can take, far exceeding my initial thoughts about open source. Thee presentations have turned that aspect up to 11, and it has been super interesting to learn about different projects, how they're structured, and how people have contributed. Ultimately, open source is a concept that interests me and these presentations have shown a lot of different aspects of the practice.


# Our Group Presentation

My group, freeCodeCamp, presented on Wednesday. Our presentation went well, despite going long. Throughout working on our project, and before making our presentation, I was worried that we weren't going to have enough contributions to make the project meaningful, and because of that our presentation would be hard to fill. This very much ended up not being the case. Putting together the presentation was the first time that any of us had actually counted up our contributions, and it was suprising how many we had in total. It was a really validating moment that made me rethink how much work we had done on the project. The same feeling came again when we made our presentation, and we had to cut talking points to stay within the time limit. Overall, the shift from working on the project to working on the presentation was the first time I had really taken a step back and evaluated our work, and doing so made me feel a lot better about what we had done.