---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Re Open Source Origins and Open Source Projects
---

# Open Source Origins

Reading through the bios of notable names in open source, I noticed that only one of the people (Limor Fried) listed was not primarily focused on software. While that makes some sense, this is a class about software and software is easy to distibute freely, I did think it was an interesting observation. There are so many things that could be open source other than software, mainly information. We see information shared openly primarily on Wikipedia, but also on OpenStreetMaps or OpenStax and other similar projects. What we don't see distributed freely is anything artistic. To my knowledge, there are no Free songs, shows, or movies, and while these are fundamentally different than more knowledge based applications of open source, I think it would be interesting to see the same philosophies apply.


# Open Source Projects

My group decided we wanted to work on freeCodeCamp. I personally was interested in this project because I am interested in teaching, and thought it would be erally cool to develop a coding challenge. The biggest hurdle I see for my group going forward is lack of direction. While contributing a coding challenge is cool, it is difficult to tell what would make a good one, what topic we should cover, and how to go about making one. This also applies to other types of contributions we could make: it's difficult to tell where  work is needed most and how that aligns with the work we are able to do. We have a plan for how to get started, which basically boils down to us doing small contributions such as responding to forum posts to get a feel for the community before tackling a bigger project. I hope that we can pace ourselves correctly and work from small contributions to large ones without spending too much time on small contributions or moving to large contributions too quickly and getting in over our heads.