---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Re Choosing Projects and Worries
---

# Choosing Projects

In terms of open source projects, I'm equally excited and anxious to work with a large code base that isn't mine. Given the nature of what I do for computer science classes, nearly all of the code I've written has been basically entirely local and self made. This means that it's been easy to keep track of everything in a project and know the best way to address problems that come up or implement new features. With an open source project, this gets lost. I won't inherently know how the code works because I wasn't the one who made it. While I'm sure this is not the case, I'm worried that in order to grasp how my selected project works I'll need to read through the entirety of the code for the project. This is almost definitely not the case, and I'm excited to see how to whittle down a project into just the pieces that effect what I want to work on.

It will also be a very different working experience than other projects, and I am filled with the same amount of excitement and unease about that. I'm used to solo projects, or small group projects. I've never done work like this where the majority of the people working on the project with me I won't have immediate access to via text. This aspect of the project I am less anxious about than my first point. I feel that discussions from this class so far have given me a good sense of what the general workflow will look like, but I am interested to see all the little ways the process will be different to what I am used to