---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Re Continuing Work
---

# Continuing Work

With the start of work on our open source project, my group has encountered a lot of the issues we expected, namely that issues get resolved very quickly, navigating a large codebase is a challenge and finding direction is difficult. While we are working to overcome these challenges, they have slowed us down. I initially thought that by this point we'd have picked out a large contribution to make that would take us to the end of the semester, but that is not the case and I'm not sure that sort of thing is our goal anymore.

<!--more-->

Unlike other open-source projects I've contributed to for this class, freeCodeCamp has a lot of structure. New contributors can only contribute to projects that have certain labels, which limits how much my group will be able to contribute. Because of this, we've so far pivoted to other small ways of contributing, such as raising issues and responding to forum posts. The idea with these contributions is that regardless of whether or not we get the chance to create a bigger contribution, we are still contributing and learning. Looking through forum posts can help us find bugs or confusing lessons, and looking for issues gets us a lot of hands-on experience with freeCodeCamp.

On top of those, we are also spending a lot of time looking at various parts of freeCodeCamp outside of what can be concretely labeled as a contribution. I have been reading through issues regularly to see if I can catch any open issues I can contribute to, and also have spent time going through lessons to look for errors.

Overall, working on freeCodeCamp has, up to this point, changed my expectations for contributions very drastically. While I came into this project very hopeful to get a large contribution through, it has become apparent that for a large project, large contributions are much harder to get pushed. Because of this, the goal has shifted to focusing more on small contributions of all varieties