---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Re Open Source in Industry and Project Work
---

# Open Source in Industry

One point that was brought up in the videos was the idea of open source being a way to foster equity and inclusion in the field of computer science. It makes a lot of sense, as there is practically no barrier of entry that is specific to open source projects as a whole. As long as someone has a computer and an internet connection (which aren't universal), they are able to contribute to some open source project.

<!--more-->

I found this conversation refreshing, as I feel it is an issue with the field as a whole that is not often brought up. In my classes at NYU, I can't think of a time where the demographics of the field were a topic of discussion outside of this class, and if an issue with the field were to be brought up it was typically along the lines of how hard it is to find a good job.
One point mentioned in the videos was that when a demographic isn't being properly represented in a company's staff it means that that company is missing out on a pool of great workers. This point reminded me a lot of discussions of how open source was able to survive being targeted by companies by creating systems that worked for for-profit companies. While these sorts of issues are largely with structures we currently have, I liked the point because it's also important to figure out how to make the systems that currently do exist work for everyone, and the argument of missing good hires is a good way to achieve that.


# Project Work

The project is continuing very much like it was last week. Because only issues with the "help wanted" label are open for all, and since only the moderators of the project can label issues, it's hard to find issues to work on. We've each gotten work done, but most contributions have been relatively small. We've found a couple of promising starts to bigger contributions, but each one has fallen through for one reason or another. Despite this, I'm hopeful that something good will come up soon. We each are now actively looking for paths to big contributions, and given the size of freeCodeCamp something is likely to show up soon.