---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

My understanding of open source has broadened from the few days of class/reading we have done. Before, I would have described it simply as anything where the source code was available to anyone to use and edit. While that basic understanding has held true, a lot of the nuances of the topic have become much more clear. Things like the specific legalities of open source software were something I had never really considered, as they always seemed simple, but since it's the law even something simple is complicated and multifaceted.

The biggest problem with open source projects is the probablity of lack of structured oversight. To highlight this issue, I'm going to talk about the [Adobe PhotoDeluxe Wikipedia Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_PhotoDeluxe). As part of a class on Wikipedia I took freshman year, I wrote large sections of this page. Since then, the page has recieved mostly small edits about 3 times a year. While this isn't an important article that needs more attention, it does serve to point out that on open-source projects, things can get forgotten and overlooked. This is, at least theoretically, not a problem with closed source projects, where people are employed specifically to work on edge cases and (again theoretically) make sure all parts of a project are attended to.

By far the open source project I use most frequently is Wikipedia (this is tangential at best, but [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcfuA_UAz3I) talks about Fandom, the company behind most wikis, and how the site not being Free has caused a lot of problems). There are also a number of emulators I use that are open source, primarily Dolphin, OpenEmu, and 351Elec. As part of this class, I also downloaded Firefox and have been trying to transition to only using it. All of these projects I only use (with the exception of some basic Wikipedia edits), and have not properly contributed to them in any way. A big reason behind taking this class for me was to really engage with open source projects more directly, both by learning about cool new projects I can use, and especially by contributing to projects for myself and others to use.
