---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - Re Cathedral and Bazaar and Project Work
---

# Cathedral and Bazaar

I was a little surprised that the highest voted quote was "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)", and I was also a little surprised by the way the class interpreted it. I took the quote to mean that code could be an collaborative field. The idea of rewriting and reusing code, specifically when talking about open source, implied to me that this quote was referring to the progressiveness of open source. That is, the idea that once code is out there it is out there forever, which frees up future coders to either rewrite the code and make it better, or reuse that code to make something new.

<!--more-->


The class, if I am remembering correctly, interpreted the quote much more personally. Their read of it was that this applied to rewriting and reusing your own code, and that being able to either reuse your good code or rewrite your bad code into something better was what made you great. Upon rereading the quote, I think this understandign of it does make more sense, but I think it's interesting how different the interpretations were.


# Project Work

This week was a really good week for the project for me! Over the last few weeks, I have been going through one of the lessons and taking notes on steps that I found confusing or in need of some work. Upon finishing, I went through my notes, picked out the issues I felt were worth raising, and then raised an issue. I had an issue with 5 steps, which meant that 5 pull requests could be made. This was really useful, as it allowed a lot of opportunities for myself and my partners to contribute meaningfully to the project. This was really nice, as it has been hard to have any sort of group work up to this point in the project.

One thing I was worried about during this process was that my feedback wouldn't lead to anything. Of the 5 steps, only one complaint I had was one that I thought was a super clear issue, the rest were very much down to my opinion (mostly specific wording that confused me, but might not confuse other people). Because of this, I thought that the issue that I raised might be viewed as little more than complaints from a random user, but all of the steps that I raised issues with were reconsidered and now have pull requests.

We have about a week left to make contributions, and I hope to get through another lesson and raise another comprehensive issue before we finish the project.