---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Re Christopher Snider and Project Work
---

# Christopher Snider

During Snider's talk, he mentioned a loop formed by a trio of devices that is essential for keeping diabetes under control, and he specifically mentioned making sure consumers had as much freedom as possible to choose when creating this loop. If I remember correctly, the loop essentially consisted of a sensor to detect blood sugar levels, a phone to analyze that data, and an insulin pump to act on that analysis. Snider mentioned that part of Tidepools plan was to create a system that works with as many possible sensors and insulin pumps so that consumers had the most amount of choice when designing their own personal system. This ethos goes against what most companies do, which is designing ecosystems that are closed, ensuring that consumers are brand loyal. While Tidepool's ethos was not inherently tied to their status as an open source company, I did find it refreshing

<!--more-->



# Project Work

The project has been continuing very much as it has been the past few weeks. Due to freeCodeCamp's large size, fairly rigid contributing standards, and lack of regulation around claiming issues, it has been hard to reliably find contributions we can make. We have each found a way that kind of works for us, and mine is to go through lessons and flag issues I see, as well as regularly checking the issues page for issues I am able to contribute to. While this works, it makes it hard to have a big contribution that the group rallies behind, which is an issue we're not quite sure how to solve.