---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Re HFOSS and Contributions
---

# HFOSS

This topic was interesting. Going into it, I held the thought that since open source software was Free, it was for humanity. Obviously, there were projects that would more readily target large social issues, but the distinction between "social good" and "some people might appreciate this" was sloppily drawn. This got me thinking, and while it was ultimately down to my own thought process, I believe that this mindset stems from how Silicon Valley works, and by extension how computer scientist behave. I'm used to a scenario in tech where something is made for whatever reason, and then the creator talks about it as a good thing because a thing went from not existing to existing, so surely that is good. The "why" is something that I don't think is focused on enough in tech, and that attitude is one that I find common in computer science spaces. Ideas for projects come more from a thought of "what can I build that would be interesting" than "what can I build that is helpful". The focus on projects that are for the social good helped me recontextulaize my attitude around my major, which was really cool.

# Contributions

My most exciting contribution so far was to MatPlotLib. While it was being shown off in class, I clicked on some links and found that one in the Read Me wasn't working. I checked the logs, found the change that broke the link, checked to see if there was an exisiting issue, then made an issue and submitted a pull request. The pull request was accepted, and now the link works. It was a very simple fix, but it felt cool to work on a bigger project. Programming can often feel very singular, with not only the minutia of it being individual but the final product being small. Most programs I make I make alone and then go into a folder that I forget about, but this was instead a small amount of work that contributed to something much larger and more visible. While it was small, it felt nice.